Update changelog (#1487)
risc0/risc0: CHANGELOG.md

## Next (upcoming release)

### 🛠 Fixes
* Fix an issue where the temporary directory is not being removed when the
`Session` goes out of scope. This helps prevent the depletion of disk space.

### ⚡️ Features

> * Improve performance by replacing Poseidon with Poseidon2 hashing function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add an improved Poseidon2 hashing function that replaces Poseidon for recursive proofs.
```

* Add support for the configuration of intermediate segment storage (on-disk,
  in-memory, etc).

### 🚨 Breaking Changes

> * The Change in the hash function used for proof generation means that receipts
> generated from older versions of the `risc0-zkvm` crate will fail verification
> if this verifier is used. New proofs must be re-generated, but one does not need
> to upload new ELF binaries to services such as bonsai.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For recursive proofs the Poseidon hash function is replaced by the Poseidon2 hash function. Users can still create receipts using the older Poseidon hash function but these receipts will not be usable by Bonsai or any proof composition or rollup use cases.
```
